mern-stack-task/README.md, before:

# Creation of new app with Mongo DB and React Js

## folders:

app: contains react code
models: contains database models
public: contains html and css code coverted from reactjs
routes: contains routing between code

## init nodejs app

`npm init --yes`

## Modules

`npm install express` framework for nodejs
`npm install nodemon -D` to automatically restart server when the code changes
`npm install morgan` allows to watch the request from clients
`npm install mongoose` allows to connect withh database
`npm install webpack -D` convert code from react to javascript, HTML and CSS
`npm install webpack-cli -D` run with webpack
`npm install react react-dom -D` install react components just development way
`npm install babel-core babel-loader -D` translate jsx code use babel-loader@7
`npm install babel-preset-react babel-preset-env -D` translate for React

## Local Database

### Initialization

- `sudo apt install mongodb`
- `sudo systemctl enable mongodb`
- `sudo systemctl start mongodb`
- `mongod` these commands initiate the daemon to execute mongodb

Commit message:

Addition of Materialize components for CSS

mern-stack-task/README.md, after:

# Creation of new app with Mongo DB and React Js

## folders:

app: contains react code
models: contains database models
public: contains html and css code coverted from reactjs
routes: contains routing between code

## init nodejs app

`npm init --yes`

## Modules

`npm install express` framework for nodejs
`npm install nodemon -D` to automatically restart server when the code changes
`npm install morgan` allows to watch the request from clients
`npm install mongoose` allows to connect withh database
`npm install webpack -D` convert code from react to javascript, HTML and CSS
`npm install webpack-cli -D` run with webpack
`npm install react react-dom -D` install react components just development way
`npm install babel-core babel-loader -D` translate jsx code use babel-loader@7
`npm install babel-preset-react babel-preset-env -D` translate for React

Use of MaterializeCSS through CDN
`www.materializecss.com`
copy the CSS part into index.html, alse add the icons provided for materialize

## Local Database

### Initialization

- `sudo apt install mongodb`
- `sudo systemctl enable mongodb`
- `sudo systemctl start mongodb`
- `mongod` these commands initiate the daemon to execute mongodb
